The Shawshank Redemption,90,1994,142,TheShawshankRedemption.jpg,Drama,English,Frank Darabont,Andy Dufresne* a successful banker* is arrested for the murders of his wife and her lover* and is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Shawshank prison. He becomes the most unconventional prisoner.
Inception,87,2010,148,Inception.jpg,Sci-Fi,English,Christopher Nolan,Cobb steals information from his targets by entering their dreams. He is wanted for his alleged role in his wife's murder and his only chance at redemption is to perform the impossible* an inception.
Fight Club,79,1999,151,FightClub.jpg,Drama,English,David Fincher,Discontented with his capitalistic lifestyle* a white-collared insomniac forms an underground fight club with Tyler* a careless soap salesman. The project soon spirals down into something sinister.
Forrest Gump,72,1994,142,ForrestGump.jpg,Drama,English,Robert Zemeckis,Forrest Gump* a man with a low IQ* joins the army for service where he meets Dan and Bubba. However* he cannot stop thinking about his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran* whose life is messed up.
Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope,93,1977,125,StarWarsIV.jpg,Fantasy,English,George Lucas,After Princess Leia* the leader of the Rebel Alliance* is held hostage by Darth Vader* Luke and Han Solo must free her and destroy the powerful weapon created by the Galactic Empire.
Gladiator,76,2000,171,Gladiator.jpg,Drama,English,Ridley Scott,Commodus takes over power and demotes Maximus* one of the preferred generals of his father* Emperor Marcus Aurelius. As a result* Maximus is relegated to fighting till death as a gladiator.
Pulp Fiction,92,1994,178,PulpFiction.jpg,Drama,English,Quentin Tarantino,In the realm of underworld* a series of incidents intertwines the lives of two Los Angeles mobsters* a gangster's wife* a boxer and two small-time criminals.
The Godfather,98,1972,178,TheGodfather.jpg,Drama,English,Francis Ford Coppola,Don Vito Corleone* head of a mafia family* decides to handover his empire to his youngest son Michael. However* his decision unintentionally puts the lives of his loved ones in grave danger.
The Matrix,88,1999,150,TheMatrix.jpg,Fantasy,English,Lana Wachowski,Thomas Anderson* a computer programmer* is led to fight an underground war against powerful computers who have constructed his entire reality with a system called the Matrix.
Titanic,89,1997,195,Titanic.jpg,Drama,English,James Cameron,Seventeen-year-old Rose hails from an aristocratic family and is set to be married. When she boards the Titanic* she meets Jack Dawson* an artist* and falls in love with him.
Project X,28,2012,94,ProjectX.jpg,Comedy,English,Nima Nourizadeh,Thomas (Thomas Mann)* Costa (Oliver Cooper) and JB (Jonathan Daniel Brown) are three anonymous high-school seniors who are determined to finally make their mark. But how to make themselves unforgettable in the annals of high-school history? With an epic party* of course! The idea is innocent enough* but nothing could prepare the three friends for this shindig. As word of the soiree's awesomeness spreads* dreams are ruined* records are blemished* and legends are born.
The Dark Knight,94,2008,152,TheDarkKnight.jpg,Drama,English,Christopher Nolan,After Gordon* Dent and Batman begin an assault on Gotham's organised crime* the mobs hire the Joker* a psychopathic criminal mastermind who wants to bring all the heroes down to his level.
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial,98,1982,121,ET.jpg,Drama,English,Steven Spielberg,An alien is left behind on Earth and is saved by young Elliot who decides to keep him hidden. While the task force hunts for it* Elliot and his siblings form an emotional bond with their new friend.
2001: A Space Odyssey,93,1968,164,SpaceOdyssey.jpg,Sci-Fi,English,Stanley Kubrick,The Discovery One and its revolutionary super computer seek a mysterious monolith that first appeared at the dawn of man.
Back to the Future,96,1985,116,BackToTheFuture.jpg,Sci-Fi,English,Robert Zemeckis,Marty travels back in time using an eccentric scientist's time machine. However* he must make his high-school-aged parents fall in love in order to return to the present.
Raiders of the Lost Ark,95,1981,115,RaidersOfTheLostArk.jpg,Action,English,Steven Spielberg,Indiana Jones sets out in search of a biblical artefact called the Ark of the Covenant* which is coveted by many people. In his quest* he must face opposition from the Nazis.
Avatar,82,2009,162,Avatar.jpg,Sci-Fi,English,James Cameron,Jake* who is paraplegic* replaces his twin on the Na'vi inhabited Pandora for a corporate mission. After the natives accept him as one of their own* he must decide where his loyalties lie.
The Lion King,93,1994,89,TheLionKing.jpg,Drama,English,Rob Minkoff,As a cub* Simba is forced to leave the Pride Lands after his father Mufasa is murdered by his wicked uncle* Scar. Years later* he returns as a young lion to reclaim his throne.
Argo,96,2012,130,Argo.jpg,Action,English,Ben Affleck,An exfiltration specialist masquerades as a Hollywood producer in order to rescue six Americans who are held captive in Tehran during the US hostage crisis in Iran.
Moonlight,98,2016,115,Moonlight.jpg,Action,English,Barry Jenkins,Chiron* a young African-American boy* finds guidance in Juan* a drug dealer* who teaches him to carve his own path. As he grows up in Miami* Juan's advice leaves a lasting impression on him.